RFDS Plumbing Design:
Plumbing design is a diagram that shows the connections between different equipments which we use in a cell tower in telecom.
We have raw atoll data.
By using that raw atoll data RF engineers was manually designing plumbing diagrams.
It was taking a lot of time to manually design those plumbing diagrams.
As a solution to it we have automated the plumbing design process.
It is greatly reducing the man hours it was taking earlier to design a plumbing.
Our plumbing tool is capable to design plumbing diagrams on a single click and giving a lot of value to the RF Engineers.


SQDB CBAND Capacity analytics:
We have RAN Map screen, In this screen we can search for address.
Based on the address, we are displaying the sites and sectors available in that address on map screen.
Each sector is having attributes like RAN Used Capacity, EBH Util, EBH Deficiency etc
We may have thousands of sectors and it is really difficult to group the sectors and identifying RAN Used Capacity, EBH Util, EBH Deficiency etc
As a solution we have implemented few graphs that will clearly describes many insights of data.
We have developed below 4 graphs that gives a lot of value to the users:
1) Orders Trend - It will display a trend line chart for Activated Count and Connected Count.
2) OFS vs Orders vs Capacity - It will display a bar graph that shows difference between OFS count, Order Count and Capacity
3) Utilization(RAN Used Capacity, EBH Util, EBH Deficiency) - It will display how many sectors has used RAN Used Capacity, EBH Util, EBH Deficiency in between 0-10%, 10-20%, 20-30% ........ 90-100%
4) OFS vs Markets & Sites - It will display each market and each site with it's OFS count



H3 grids on RAN Map screen:
Uber has introduced H3 grid system.
This grid system is partitioning areas of the Earth into identifiable grid cells.
Each cell will have some hex code.
Based on that hex code we can find the exact location on the map and boundaries of it.
This grid system is very help full to analyze large spatial data sets.
So we have integrated these hex grids with RAN Map.
